[W-10890447] API Manager - create API wizard UI updates (#452)
mulesoft/docs-api-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/api-groups-modifying-groups.adoc

To add API instances to an existing API Group:

. From the left menu in *API Manager*, click *API Groups*.
. On the API Groups details page, expand the API Group to view its available versions.

> . Click *Add group instance* for the version of the API Group you want to add the API instance to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Add group instance* for the version of the API Group to which to add the API instance.
```

Reviewer: My edit uses more formal wording. If you want to keep what you have, I think adding a "that" makes it read better: Click *Add group instance* for the version of the API Group that you want to add the API instance to.

Author: ok, will fix

+
The *Creating a new group instance* page is displayed.
. Click *+Add*.

> . If the API instance and the API Group belong to the same business group or organization, select the API, API version, environment, and API version/instance that you want to add to the API Group.

Reviewer 2: > select the API, API version, environment, and API version/instance

API version appears two times. I think it could be: `select the API, environment, and API version/instance`

Author: So there are actually 4 drop downs here and all four need to be selected.

> . If the API instance and the API Group belong to the same business group or organization, select the API, API version, environment, and API version/instance that you want to add to the API Group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If the API instance and the API Group belong to the same business group or organization, select the API, API version, environment, and API version/instance to add to the API Group.
```

Author: will update

To remove an API instance from an API Group:

. From the left menu in *API Manager*, click *API Groups*.
. On the API Groups page, expand the API Group to view its available versions.
. Expand the API Group version to view its available instances.
. Click the API Group instance to view the instance details.
. Click the more options menu icon (
image:overflow-menu-icon.png[width=0.50%,height=0.50%,title="Screenshot of the more options menu icon"]
) next to *Edit* and select *Delete*. 
+
NOTE: If the API instance you removed is the last API linked to an asset, you must create a new version of the API Group.

> . Click the checkbox to acknowledge you understand *this action can't be undone* and click *Delete Group instance*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the checkbox to acknowledge that you understand *this action can't be undone* and then click *Delete Group instance*.
```

Author: will update
